this video is sponsored by troll revolution
feel the power of another will make you more and more people of the universe universally
universe xp
hello everyone I'm funny and what I know 245 and this is my first video xd
which opens with the history of video games
with magnavox odyssey shades
ralph to him he created the first video game console the first device that
took the games to the domestic environment
included 10 different games tennis jorge iv submarine simon the sky and so on
went on sale in
in May 1972 its price was 1 100 tonnes and by the end of that year it was
They had sold more than 100 thousand units
it was popularly known as it owes to a box and it worked with transistors
in 1968 a prototype had been presented to companies such as cemex sylvania
motorola or research although none of them saw commercial interest in manufacturing
a video game console
an executive of arrechea with different vision left his company and joined
to sweep your bet by trying to launch the product acarigua
atari was based on famous ponts game scheduled in the 50s to create a
chip and a console that allowed to play at home in any device
TV
this system that only allowed to play a game supposed a true
revolution of the market in the Christmas of 1975
atari 2600 in 1977 atari puts on sale the ultimate video game console with a
8-bit processor and with the possibility of playing multiple games
that came in cartridge form and could be purchased separately
its success was tremendous and in the 21st century the units that still work are
object of true worship
in 1980 it was published on Thursday
Thick game invaders of carlitos and marked a true turning point
in sales that multiplies
other classics of atari 2600 were gift to be contained
pac-man pole position etcetera in 1982 the 8 million attacks were reached
two thousand six hundred sold the benefits of atari were millionaires
the video game consoles considered by some entrepreneurs as a
eccentricity without a future became a solid emerging industry
hard
unfortunately for atari I would never achieve such a resounding success as
the one of the 2 thousand 600
pacari video pin bowl
In 1977, Táriq presented a videoconsole based on a
video game made from the classic pinball machines
commercially it was not very successful but the idea was excellent and it was
copied in
innumerable occasions and supports
an arcade version for arcades was also launched
nintendo television 26
in 1977 and it breaks nintendo in the
the domestic consoles with the color television 16 that included six games
they were all variation this pom
four colors and the ability to play two players with each other
nintendo with the help of mitsubishi managed to design a processor more
powerful
with more games included in the rom if it was sold with the color name
television well 15 although the system was similar no cartridges were used nor
external supports for games
tried television they have been a classic especially in japan where they
sold by millions nintendo color rasinsky television 112
with the same technology as television to be printed nintendo
proposed in 1978 a console that included a steering wheel and gear lever to play
to a really simple game of car racing
kill intellivision
in the Christmas of 1979 kills and launches his intervention that would end
unleashing the first war of the consoles against the atari 2600
intel division was the first 16-bit console
and was also the first to use the networks through the telephone line
you could download games had a revolutionary plastics for the
era was far superior than the rate but never managed to dethrone
cole commission
in the summer of 1982 in the middle of the commercial war between atar and mattel appears
another famous console cole commission with eight days
z80 processor 16 cadete moria ram was created a huge controversy because coleco
distributed a connector to use the atari games in its console
technically it was a pretty good console
but it stopped being made during the crisis of the sector of 1984
Currently the possession of one of them is an object of worship
with this we end this video
the next will be about portable consoles
a big hello to that tenor spits experts 56 antonio blocks
jk x 281 and fir 98